I thought I was disabled.
And I didn't know what was going on.
But when they gave me this
visual language, this way to communicate,
it was like a fire was lit inside of me.
I wanted to be like everybody else.
I wanted to do what everybody else did.
They pretty much wanted to decide for me
what I could and could not do.
That's up to me.
It's challenging, honestly, for DeafBlind
people to begin their journey
in employment, to just get onto
the first rung of the ladder.
There are people out there
that won't give us a chance.
Shame on them.
You know, shame on them.
People who are DeafBlind
and have accomplished many, many things.
We have the same goals and interests,
the same attitudes, the same aptitudes.
Everybody learns in their own way,
and we have to accept that.
And that's simply life.
And that goes the same for the work world.
You have to find out what
you can do and do your best.
Hi, my name is Bienvenido Batista.
My name is James Byrne.
My name is Linda Jones.
Rosanna Beaudrie.
My name is Korrine Hearlth.
This is Chris Woodfill speaking.
My name is Rocky Hart.
My name is Isatou Sankanu.
It was pretty awkward in the beginning.
I learned a lot from other people.
I'm just a normal person
doing a normal job.
I don't usually brag,
but I'm really good at what I do.
Having a disability does not mean
that you can't be successful.
It's just the opposite.
I got recognition for the work
that I was doing.
I’m so proud of it.
I really like it.
My self-confidence, my self-esteem
has just gone through
the roof because I can.